What Longjing Tian?
I'm your cousin
How can a sister apologize to her sister?
If I don't apologize, it's Long Jingtian
Stop kicking your nose on your face
Grandma has enough face for you
Nothing to do
The head of the family also thinks that I am a big deal
Ye family head
We Long Shuai don't like knowing our mistakes and not changing them.
Arrogant and domineering person
Since your Ye family has such a person
Then it seems that I still need to go back and talk to Long Shuai
Report
No no no no no
Naturally there is no duel in our family
A mistake is to apologize
Now I'll let them apologize.
Quickly apologize to Han Xin
For your inappropriate remarks
Don't let Longwei watch the joke and apologize
Don't say it again at Mr. Long
otherwise
I asked my men to give you a long memory
To apologize, do you want to suffer?
No no I don't want to be beaten
I apologize. I'm sorry.
Okay, the apology is not sincere.
I'll teach you a lesson in a while